then Miriam and Aaron spoke against
Moses because of the Ethiopian woman
whom he had married for he had married
an Ethiopian woman has the Lord indeed
spoken only through Moses has he not
spoken through us also and the Lord
heard it now the man Moses was very
humble more than all men who were on the
face of the earth suddenly the Lord said
to Moses Aaron and Miriam come out you
three to the tabernacle of meeting so
the three came out then the Lord came
down in the pillar of cloud and stood in
the door of the tabernacle and called
Aaron and Miriam and they both went
forward then he said here now my words
if there is a prophet among you I the
Lord make myself known to him in a
vision I speak to him in a dream not so
with my servant Moses he is faithful in
all my house I speak with him face to
face even plainly and not in dark
sayings and he sees the form of the Lord
why then were you not afraid to speak
against my servant Moses so the anger of
the Lord was aroused against them and he
departed
when the cloud departing from above the
tabernacle suddenly Miriam became
leprous as whitus then Aaron turned
toward Miriam and there she was a leper
so Aaron said to Moses of my lord please
do not lay this sin on us in which we
have done foolishly and in which we have
sinned please do not let her be as one
dead whose flashes have consumed when he
comes out of his mother's womb
so Moses cried out to the Lord please
heal her oh god I pray then the Lord
said to Moses if her father had but spit
in her face would she not be shamed
seven days let her be shut out of the
camp seven days and afterward she may be
received again so Miriam was shut out of
the camps seven days and the people did
not journey till Miriam was brought in
again and afterward the people moved
from her 0th and camped in the
wilderness of Paran